README.md, before:

# Songr
### Author: James Dansie
This is a site for loading and looking up your favorite albums. It is a Spring App built with Gradle, and jUnit4 tests. Additional "functionality" at /hello and /hello/{username}, and /capitalize/{username}. Albums are stored in a postGresSql server, and served up on the album page.

# Gradle - Getting Started
To run the server run `./gradlew bootrun`
go to localhost:8080
### Reference Documentation
For further reference, please consider the following sections:

* [Official Gradle documentation](https://docs.gradle.org)
* [Spring Boot Gradle Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.8.RELEASE/gradle-plugin/reference/html/)
* [Spring Web](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.8.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#boot-features-developing-web-applications)
* [Spring Boot DevTools](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.8.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#using-boot-devtools)
* [Thymeleaf](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.8.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#boot-features-spring-mvc-template-engines)

### Guides
The following guides illustrate how to use some features concretely:

* [Building a RESTful Web Service](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/)
* [Serving Web Content with Spring MVC](https://spring.io/guides/gs/serving-web-content/)
* [Building REST services with Spring](https://spring.io/guides/tutorials/bookmarks/)
* [Handling Form Submission](https://spring.io/guides/gs/handling-form-submission/)

### Additional Links
These additional references should also help you:

* [Gradle Build Scans – insights for your project's build](https://scans.gradle.com#gradle)

Commit message:

updated me, add songs display

README.md, after:

# Songr
### Author: James Dansie
This is a site for loading and looking up your favorite albums. It is a Spring App built with Gradle, and jUnit4 tests. Additional "functionality" at /hello and /hello/{username}, and /capitalize/{username}. Albums are stored in a postGresSql server, and served up on the album page. The album image will link to the album details where songs are listed, and can add more songs.

# Gradle - Getting Started
To run the server run `./gradlew bootrun`
go to localhost:8080
### Reference Documentation
For further reference, please consider the following sections:

* [Official Gradle documentation](https://docs.gradle.org)
* [Spring Boot Gradle Plugin Reference Guide](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.8.RELEASE/gradle-plugin/reference/html/)
* [Spring Web](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.8.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#boot-features-developing-web-applications)
* [Spring Boot DevTools](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.8.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#using-boot-devtools)
* [Thymeleaf](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/2.1.8.RELEASE/reference/htmlsingle/#boot-features-spring-mvc-template-engines)

### Guides
The following guides illustrate how to use some features concretely:

* [Building a RESTful Web Service](https://spring.io/guides/gs/rest-service/)
* [Serving Web Content with Spring MVC](https://spring.io/guides/gs/serving-web-content/)
* [Building REST services with Spring](https://spring.io/guides/tutorials/bookmarks/)
* [Handling Form Submission](https://spring.io/guides/gs/handling-form-submission/)

### Additional Links
These additional references should also help you:

* [Gradle Build Scans – insights for your project's build](https://scans.gradle.com#gradle)
